a bonus yen obviously I should film more
videos at this angle because this makes
my shoulders look at Norma's not that
I'm saying my shoulders are not enormous
interesting
what does unnatural vegan want you to
give her money for what is the purpose
of the donations she's requesting on the
front page of her patreon it reads if
she receives one thousand five hundred
US dollars per month if she receives
this amount of money quote I can now
focus on making much longer documentary
style videos I find all of the current
Pro vegan documentaries lacking to
varying degrees and I would love to
provide an alternative one that is of
higher quality than my current videos
but still low-budget enough to provide
for free on YouTube this would cost a
lot more money stock footage etc since
2018 the cost of stock footage is what's
holding her back here as well as a lot
more time interviews etc but I think it
would be well worth okay mm you don't
have to be part of the vegan community
to be vegan I'm vegan I have a vegan
channel like every single day I get to
wake up and chase my dreams and follow
my passions and that's all been made
possible because I lied to you I don't
consider myself part of the vegan
community either online or like
in-person locally where I live shift
blame whatever you could do okay
never take responsibility if you take
responsibility and that's omitting that
you're wrong and doing that that's just
impossible in my personal everyday life
vegan just plays a small role obviously
like never admit that you were wrong
rule number one actually that's the rule
number one rule number two shift blame
rule number three play the victim you
will you want to make sure that people
know that day this has been a great
inconvenience to you my family and I we
don't we don't seek out other vegans to
associate with we don't go to vegan
meetups we don't go to vegan festivals
or anything like that
we eat a vegan diet we don't wear for
leather etc that's pretty much it
veganism is to some extent about ecology
veganism is to some extent about ethics
veganism is to some extent about saving
the world saving the animals it's to
some extent about human health and it is
to some extent about money it is very
very strange to me that someone like a
natural vegan is in a position of
leadership and a position of influence
not just because I find her philosophy
and her political claims absurd frankly
even offensive I'm a very hard person to
offend
I really am offended by a lot of her
content I'm really offended when she
makes the case for why it's perfectly
acceptable for vegans to raise sheep in
captivity and then process their hair
into wool it makes sweaters out of it
when she argues that it's okay for
vegans to keep cows in their backyards
and milk them and drink the milk she
makes these kinds of arguments for
chicken eggs and so on she makes
arguments in favor of eating animal
products and even eating animals in even
eating meat in circumstances where based
on her ridiculous self-styled
utilitarian philosophy it isn't directly
causing the animals harm I actually am I
shouldn't but it's problematic for me
above all else because all of it comes
from the perspective of someone who says
she says it herself again and again
she's not part of the community she
doesn't want to be part of the community
and the manifesto for this channel says
oh my view is 180 degrees the opposite
if you guys haven't seen that video it's
short but I said oh it's interesting
this is a natural vegans position my
position is the diametric opposite of
everything she says and police in in
these videos and I feel that again now
now 0.1 she these the the order in which
he makes point her first point is she's
not part of being community she just
wanting for a vegan community she said
that before and I've responded that
before and then point to is she doesn't
really go to any vegan meetups
going vegan events she'd understand
meeting or talking you were cooperating
with vegan people this is not just
because she's a social or anti-social
this is really a code word for saying
that she's not in any way part of
veganism is political movement she's not
getting organized to make a difference
to any method other than a tea boycott
she says a result that says she
concludes this little portion of it
yourself the only thing she does that's
vegan is refusing to buy meat refusing
to buy leather refusing to wear fur
that's her thing that's all it is for
all right and again my position here is
180 degrees opposite it's never going to
be enough for veganism to just and
merely be an economic boycott we need to
get organized we need to form at least
some elements of the community we need
to go to meetups and socialize and meet
each other and shake hands and have
conferences and picnics and hobnob and
make friends and boyfriends and
girlfriends and fall in love and breakup
and all that stuff all that stuff that
goes on within every real community I'm
sorry it's not unique to veganism goes
on within every real political movement
- you think people don't fall in love it
Republican Party conferences
sure it happens all the time only a
handful who love we need all that going
on precisely to provide a platform for
real world vegan activism there is a
term that's kicked around a political
science a lot called social capital it's
flawed like pretty much every popular
idea in political science but the
question is this what if you wanted to
build a bridge I don't mean a
hypothetical I don't mean Oh allegorical
bridge there's a river and people need
to get over that bridge need to get from
one side to the other
would you have what it takes to get
organized and Lobby government to build
that bridge in many societies the answer
is no in some societies the answer is
yes would you have what it takes to to
get organized and go around within your
community and talk to wealthy people
talk to corporations that are there and
get them to donate the money maybe say
hey look if everybody puts a little bit
of money in that hat we can build this
bridge without the government getting
involved
the type of trust and communication and
organization and planning that goes on
in putting together that kind of project
whether it's lobbying the government or
whether it's completely civil society
getting organized that's this right this
involves social gap okay and it's social
capital community formation creating the
basis for a movement and then really
having the passion desire to get out
there and save the planet do something
for the sake of ecology ethics so and so
forth that's what we need that's we need
to hear from leaders in the bean
community and that is what's uh Turley
lacking on a natural the industry a
bonus Yin